feat(keycloak): add support for user and group pagination (#259)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/keycloak-backend/README.md

Communication between Backstage and Keycloak is facilitated through the Keycloak API. Support is available for using username/password or client credentials.

> The following table describes the parameters that can configured under `catalog.providers.keycloakOrg.default` in the `app-config.yaml` file to enable the plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the parameters that can configured under `catalog.providers.keycloakOrg.<ENVIRONMENT_NAME>` in the `app-config.yaml` file to enable the plugin:
```

        clientSecret: ${KEYCLOAK_CLIENTSECRET}
```

Optionally, you can override the default parameters by adding the basic configuration to `app-config.yaml`.

```yaml
keycloak:
  userQuerySize: 500
  groupQuerySize: 250

> ```

Reviewer: I don't like that we're introducing another place where the keycloak is configured. Why can't the `userQuerySize` and `groupQuerySize` live together with the rest of the config in `catalog.providers.keycloakOrg.<env>`

Finally, register the plugin in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file.

```javascript
 // packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts
import { KeycloakOrgEntityProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-keycloak-backend';

export default async function createPlugin(
  env: PluginEnvironment,
): Promise<Router> {
  const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

  builder.addEntityProvider(
    KeycloakOrgEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
      id: 'development',
      logger: env.logger,
      userQuerySize: env.config.getOptionalNumber('keycloak.userQuerySize'),

>       groupQuerySize: env.config.getOptionalNumber('keycloak.groupQuerySize'),

Reviewer: why is this not consumed from `env.config` within the provider and is passed here separately? The config object is already available to the provider via `KeycloakOrgEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, ...`

      and and then use the configured scheduler

      ```ts
      // packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts
      import { KeycloakOrgEntityProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-keycloak-backend';

      export default async function createPlugin(
        env: PluginEnvironment,
      ): Promise<Router> {
        const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

        builder.addEntityProvider(
          KeycloakOrgEntityProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
            id: 'development',
            logger: env.logger,
            scheduler: env.scheduler,
          }),
        )
        ...
      }
      ```

   2. Add a schedule directly inside the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

>       ```ts

Reviewer: How is this helpful change? User needs to know which lines to add. Not all are added to enable this plugin. Please respect consistent formatting across our and upstream plugins.

Author: The codeblock was a `ts` codeblock before the most recent keycloak [pr](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/commit/dcf345f8f0ca27f85cb4bf158a1d223cb706bb60#diff-74b70d63dd0c250dcfdd7cacf4639fc82a1a66098d9fc2a269bb98bf89790f9fL59). I can change this back to a `diff` codeblock.

Reviewer: Yes, it was. However, the block contained `+ ` start of lines, it was a `diff` from the beginning. Please change to `diff`.
